#### Delivery Pipeline
- This plugin visualize Delivery Pipelines (Jobs with upstream/downstream dependencies)
	
#### Docker
- This plugin integrates Jenkins with Docker
	
#### Docker API Plugin
- This plugin provides docker-java API for other plugins.

#### Docker Commons Plugin
- Provides the common shared functionality for various Docker-related plugins.

#### Docker Pipeline
- Build and use Docker containers from pipelines.

#### Downstream-Ext
- This plugin provides extended options for triggering downstream projects.

#### Dynamic Axis
- Define a matrix build axis with values dynamically populated from an environment variable at build time.

#### Dynamic Parameter Plug-in
- This plugin allows build parameters with dynamically generated default values.

#### Emma plugin
- This plugin integrates EMMA code coverage reports to Hudson.

#### EnvInject API
- Stores shared logic for Environment Injection management

#### Environment Injector
- This plugin makes it possible to set an environment for the builds.

#### export dynamic job data
- This plugin exports Jenkins runtime job parameters into a properties file.	

#### Extended Choice Parameter
- Adds extended functionality to Choice parameter

#### External Monitor Job Type
- Adds the ability to monitor the result of externally executed jobs

#### Fail The Build Plugin
- Change the build result to help testing job configuration

#### Fingerprint Plugin
- Adds the ability to fingerprint files as build steps.

#### Flexible Publish Plugin
- Choose the order of publisher execution and make the execution conditional

#### FTP publisher plugin
- This plugin can be used to upload project artifacts and whole directories to an ftp server.

#### GitHub Authentication plugin
- Authentication plugin using GitHub OAuth to provide authentication and authorization capabilities for GitHub and GitHub Enterprise.		

#### GitHub Organization Folder Plugin
- The functionality that was provided by this plugin has been moved to the GitHub Branch Source plugin. You can safely delete this plugin once there are no plugins that depend on this plugin installed.

#### GitHub Pull Request Builder

#### Green Balls
- Because green is better than blue! For color blind support configure user property.

#### H2 API Plugin
- This plugin is a shared library. It provides the H2 jar so that other plugins can consume H2 without duplication and without classpath collisions.

#### HTTP Request
- This plugin sends a http request to an url with some parameters

#### Hudson Distributed Testing Plugin
- This plugin is used for distributed testing on multiple hosts.

#### Hudson global-build-stats plugin
- This plugin will allow you to manage global hudson build stats concerning build failures

#### Hudson Ruby Plugin
- This plugin will let users use Ruby in the build scripts.

#### Integration with HP ALM
- Integrates Jenkins with HP ALI.

#### Jackson 2 API
- This plugin exposes the Jackson 2 JSON APIs to other Jenkins plugins.

#### Join plugin
- Triggering a job after a group of jobs finish

#### JSHint Report Plug-in
- This plug-in collects the JSHint analysis results (in Checkstyle format) of the project modules and visualizes the found warnings.

#### Kubernetes Client API
- Kubernetes Client API plugin for use by other Jenkins plugins.

#### Kubernetes Credentials Plugin
- Common classes for Kubernetes credentials

#### Kubernetes plugin
- This plugin integrates Jenkins with Kubernetes

#### Log Parser Plugin
- Parses the console log generated by a build

#### Matrix Project Plugin
- Multi-configuration (matrix) project type.

#### Maven Dependency Update Trigger
- This plugin will check if any SNAPSHOT dependencies (or optionally plugins SNAPSHOT) have been updated during your project's dependencies resolution and trigger a build.

#### MongoDB Plugin
- This plugin provides MongoDB integration capabilities.

#### Multijob
- This plugin is a MultiJob plugin.

#### Naginator
- This plugin reschedules failed jobs.

#### Nested View
- View type to allow grouping job views into multiple levels instead of one big list of tabs.

#### Nexus Platform
- This plugin integrates Sonatype Nexus to Jenkins.

#### Node and Label parameter plugin
- The node and label parameter plugin allows to dynamically select the node on which a job should be executed.

#### Oracle Java SE Development Kit Installer
- Allows the Oracle Java SE Development Kit (JDK) to be installed via download from Oracle's website.

#### Parameterized Trigger

#### Permissive Script Security Plugin
- Do not install unless you know what you are doing. Turns on permissive mode of Script Security Plugin. Problematic signatures will be logged but access will not be rejected.

#### Pipeline GitHub Notify Step Plugin
- Plugin that provides a GitHub status notification step

#### Pipeline Graph Analysis
- Provides a REST API to access pipeline and pipeline run data.

#### Pipeline: GitHub Groovy Libraries
- Allows Pipeline Grrovy libraries to be loaded on the fly from GitHub.

#### Pipeline: Multibranch with defaults
- Enhances Pipeline plugin to handle branches better by automatically grouping builds from different branches. Supports enable one default pipeline

#### Prerequisite build step plugin
- This plugin will check the status of other jobs before continuing
The other jobs must exist, have been built, not building and the last build must be stable.

#### Project Description Setter
- Set the project description from a file in the workspace

#### PRQA
- Integrates PRQA static analysis with Jenkins

#### Python
- Adds the ability to execute python scripts as build steps.

#### Rebuilder
- This plugin is for rebuilding a job using the same parameters.

#### Role-based Authorization Strategy
- Enables user authorization using a Role-Based strategy. Roles can be defined globally or for particular jobs or nodes selected by regular expressions.

#### Safe Restart
- This plugin allows you to restart Jenkins safely.

#### Scriptler
- Scriptler allows you to store/edit/execute groovy scripts on any of the slaves/nodes... no need for copy paste groovy code anymore. Beside administer your scripts, Scritpler also provides a way to share scripts between users via hosted script catalogs on the internet.

#### Sectioned View Plugin
- Adds a new view that can be organised into different sections.

#### Slave SetupPlugin

#### SonarQube Scanner for Jenkins
- This plugin allows an easy integration of SonarQube, the open source platform for Continuous Inspection of code quality.

#### SSH Agent
- This plugin allows you to provide SSH credentials to builds via a ssh-agent in Jenkins

#### Subversion Tagging Plugin
- This plugin automatically performs Subversion tagging (or copy) on successful build.

#### TestNG Results
- This plugin integrates TestNG test reports to Jenkins.

#### Throttle Concurrent Builds
- This plugin allows for throttling the number of concurrent builds of a project running per node or globally.

#### Timestamper
- Adds timestamps to the Console Output

#### Tracking SVN Plugin

#### Translation Assistance plugin

#### Trilead API
- This plugin provides access to Trilead without having to bundle Trilead in Jenkins core

#### user build vars plugin
- This plugin is used to set user build variables: jenkins user name and id.

#### Variant Plugin
- This user-invisible library plugin allows other multi-modal plugins to behave differently depending on where they run.

#### View Job Filters
- Create smart views with exactly the jobs you want. Your smart views can automatically include or exclude jobs by using things like the SCM path or type, the job type, build statuses or trends or triggers, relevance to the logged-in user, email recipients, Maven configuration, job parameterization, and user permissions. Mix and match filters to narrow down to exactly what you want.

#### WMI Windows Agents
- Allows you to connect to Windows machines and start slave agents on them.

#### Workspace Cleanup
- This plugin deletes the project workspace after a build is finishe
